Docs: Updated instructions on screens for Dashboard Import (#24584)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/reference/export_import.md

## Importing a dashboard

> To import a dashboard click the + icon in the sidemenu, and click "import". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import a dashboard click the + icon in the side menu, and then click **Import**. 
```

Reviewer: Please acquaint yourself with the [Grafana documentation style guide](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/contribute/style-guides/documentation-style-guide.md)

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/v70/import_step1.png" max-width="700px" >}}

> From here you can upload a dashboard json file, paste a [Grafana.com](https://grafana.com) dashboard
> URL or paste dashboard json text directly into the text area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From here you can upload a dashboard JSON file, paste a [Grafana.com](https://grafana.com) dashboard
URL or paste dashboard JSON text directly into the text area.
```
